Deprecate ERC 1123 (#2822)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-1123.md

title: Revised Ethereum Smart Contract Packaging Standard
author: g. nicholas d’andrea (@gnidan), Piper Merriam (@pipermerriam), Nick Gheorghita (@njgheorghita), Danny Ryan (@djrtwo)
discussions-to: https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/1123
status: Deprecated
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2018-06-01
replaces: 190

> superseded by: 2678

Reviewer: This field should have a dash and not a space.

title: Revised Ethereum Smart Contract Packaging Standard
author: g. nicholas d’andrea (@gnidan), Piper Merriam (@pipermerriam), Nick Gheorghita (@njgheorghita), Danny Ryan (@djrtwo)
discussions-to: https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/1123
status: Abandoned
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2018-06-01
replaces: 190

> superseded-by: 2678

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

`superseded-by` is only valid on `Final` EIPs.

Author: Ahh, ok understood, thanks @MicahZoltu !

---

> This ERC has been abandoned in favor of the EthPM V3 smart contract packaging standard defined in [ERC 2678](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-2678.md)

Reviewer: I know this can be annoying, but the current standard is:
```suggestion
This ERC has been abandoned in favor of the EthPM V3 smart contract packaging standard defined in [ERC-2678](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2678)
```

Reviewer: Can you apply this change? It was rolled back I think.
